replicator security demos (#262)
confluentinc/examples: replicator-security/README.md

# Replicator security configuration demos

> ## Purpose 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overview
```

> This repository provides docker-compose environments representing various Replicator security configurations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo provides several docker-compose environments for Replicator configured with various security configurations.
```

Reviewer: For consideration: tell users to diff the files to the non-secure one to see the delta?

> ## Non replicator components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Components
```

> All environments contain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to Confluent Replicator, all environments contain:
```

* A 3 node source cluster containing srcKafka1, srcKafka2 and srcKafka3
* A 3 node destination cluster containing destKafka1, destKafka2, destKafka3
* A single Connect worker that will run replicator
* A source client container (srcKafkaClient) that creates a source topic and provides test data
* A destination client container (destKafkaClient) that installs Replicator

In all containers, minimal non-replicator configuration is supplied.

> 

Reviewer: Explain more about Replicator -- just a few lines:

* What is Confluent Replicator
* Where it runs
* Why it needs to know source security settings
* Why it needs to know destination security settings
* Provide link to https://docs.confluent.io/current/installation/docker/installation/replicator.html for more in-depth understanding of how Replicator works in mdc env

Author: updated, please let me kniow if i can add anything more

Reviewer: Fantastic!!

## Test Data

> The data from testData/testData.txt is loaded into the source topic, this can be modified to suit testing requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [test data](testData/testData.txt) is loaded into the source topic, and it can be modified to suit testing requirements.
```

> ## Creating and verifying the environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running the Demos
```

> In all environments no actions are taken on the destination brokers. Because of this we can verify the environment by consuming from the test topic on the destination cluster.

Reviewer: `no actions are taken on the destination brokers` --> what does this mean?

Reviewer: @thomaskwscott Can you please elaborate or reword the above?

> * Unsecured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Unsecured
```

>   This can be started with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run:
```

Reviewer: Make corresponding change to all sections below

  ```
  docker-compose -f docker-compose_unsecure.yml up -d
  ```
  

>   And verified as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify:
```

Reviewer: Make corresponding change to all sections below

  ```
  docker-compose -f docker-compose_unsecure.yml exec destKafka1 bash
  kafka-console-consumer --bootstrap-server localhost:11091 --topic testTopic --from-beginning
  ```

> * Source Cluster with SSL encryption

Reviewer: This begs the question: source cluster has SSL, what does destination cluster have?  Perhaps for each demo, you identify both source & destination settings (maybe in a table?)

Author: I tried a table but it looked bad as there were a lot of gaps. Instead I called out the security under each demo header:

### Source Cluster with SASL Plain authentication

Source Cluster: SASL Authentication

Destination Cluster: Unsecure

 
```
diff scripts/submit_replicator_unsecure.sh scripts/submit_replicator_source_ssl_encryption.sh
```

## Components

In addition to Confluent Replicator, all environments contain:

* A 3 node source cluster containing srcKafka1, srcKafka2 and srcKafka3
* A 3 node destination cluster containing destKafka1, destKafka2, destKafka3
* A single Connect worker that will run replicator
* A source client container (srcKafkaClient) that creates a source topic and provides test data
* A destination client container (destKafkaClient) that installs Replicator

In all containers, minimal non-replicator configuration is supplied.

## Test Data

The [test data](testData/testData.txt) is loaded into the source topic, and it can be modified to suit testing requirements.

## Creating and verifying the environments

In all environments no actions are taken on the destination brokers. Because of this we can verify the environment by consuming from the test topic on the destination cluster.

### Unsecured

Source Cluster: Unsecure

Destination Cluster: Unsecure

Run:
  ```
  docker-compose -f docker-compose_unsecure.yml up -d
  ```
  
Verify:
  ```

>   docker-compose -f docker-compose_unsecure.yml exec destKafka1 bash

Reviewer: Is there a reason this isn't collapsed into one line?

```
docker-compose -f docker-compose_unsecure.yml exec destKafka1 kafka-console-consumer --bootstrap-server localhost:11091 --topic testTopic --from-beginning
```

Author: fixed
